Twas the night before Christmas when all through the house not a creature was stirring. Oh, not even a mouse. The stockings were hung by the chimney with care in hopes that St. Nicholas. Oh, that's me soon would be there the children were nestled all snug in their beds. While visions of sugarplums danced in their heads. And Mamma in her kerchief I in my cap had just settled down for a long winter's nap. When out on the lawn there arose such a clatter I sprang from my bed to see what was the matter. Away to the window I flew like a flash tore open the shutters, threw up the sash the moon on the breast of the new fallen snow gave a lustre of midday to objects below. When what to my wondering eyes should appear but a miniature sleigh an eight tiny reindeer with a little old driver so lively and quick I knew in a moment it must be Saint Nick. More rapid than eagles his corsairs they came and he whistled and he shouted and he called them by name. Now, Dasher, now, dancer. Now, prancer and vixen. On, comet, on, cupid. On, donner and blitzen. To the top of the porch, to the top of the wall. Now dash away, dash away, dash away all as dry leaves before the wild hurricane fly when they meet with an obstacle mount to the sky so up to the rooftop the corsairs they flew with sleigh full of toys and St. Nicholas too and then in a twinkling I heard on the roof the prancing and pawing of each little hoof as I drew in my head and was turning around down the chimney St. Nicholas came with a bound he was dressed all in fur from his head to his foot and his clothes were all tarnished with ashes and soot a bundle of toys he had flung on his back and he looked like a peddler just opening his pack his eyes, how they twinkled his dimples, how merry his cheeks were like roses. His nose ho ho ho. Like a cherry his droll little mouth was drawn up like a bow and the beard on his chin was as white as the snow the stump of a pipe he held tight in his teeth the smoke, it encircled his head like a wreath he had a broad face and a little round belly that shook when he laughed like a bowl full of jelly. He was chubby and plump a right jolly old elf and I laughed when I saw him in spite of myself a wink of his eye and a twist of his head soon gave me to know I had nothing to dread he spoke not a word but went straight to his work and filled all the stockings then turned with a jerk and laying his finger aside of his nose and giving a nod up the chimney he rose he sprang to his sleigh to his team gave a whistle and away they all flew like the down of a thistle but I heard him exclaim as he drove out of sight merry Christmas to all and to all a good night.